STF 1.1 documentation updates (round 1) (#136)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_creating-a-servicetelemetry-object-in-openshift.adoc

// Start the title with a verb, such as Creating or Create. See also
// _Wording of headings_ in _The IBM Style Guide_.

[id="creating-a-servicetelemetry-object-in-openshift"]
== Creating a ServiceTelemetry object in {OpenShiftShort}

Create a `ServiceTelemetry` object in {OpenShiftShort} to result in the creation of supporting components for a {Project} deployment. For more information, see xref:overview-of-the-servicetelemetry-object[].

.Procedure

> . To create a `ServiceTelemetry` object that will result in a default {ProjectShort} deployment, create a `ServiceTelemetry` object with an empty `spec` object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To create a `ServiceTelemetry` object that results in a default {ProjectShort} deployment, create a `ServiceTelemetry` object with an empty `spec` object:
```

      events:
        collectors:
          - collectorType: collectd
            subscriptionAddress: collectd/notify
          - collectorType: ceilometer
            subscriptionAddress: anycast/ceilometer/event.sample
----

. Optional: To create a `ServiceTelemetry` object that results in collection and storage of events for the default cloud, enable the ElasticSearch backend:
+
[source,yaml]
----
oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: infra.watch/v1beta1
kind: ServiceTelemetry
metadata:
  name: default
  namespace: service-telemetry
spec:
  backends:
    events:
      elasticsearch:
        enabled: true
EOF
----

. To view the {ProjectShort} deployment logs in the Service Telemetry Operator, use the `oc logs` command:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc logs --selector name=service-telemetry-operator -c ansible
----
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes"]
----
PLAY RECAP *********************************************************************
localhost                  : ok=55   changed=0    unreachable=0    failed=0    skipped=16   rescued=0    ignored=0
----

. View the pods and the status of each pod to determine that all workloads are operating nominally:
+

> NOTE: If you set `backends.events.elasticsearch.enabled: true`, the notification Smart Gateways will `Error` and `CrashLoopBackOff` for a period of time before ElasticSearch starts.

Author: As noted earlier will need to figure out the proper syntax for nested notation. It'll either be the original dotted notation, or something like `backends: { events: { elasticsearch: { enabled: true } } }`.
